Temporal Toolkit
==============================


 About
------------------------------
 
 Version 1.0 

 Temporal Toolkit is a library for handling dates & time. It allows you to represent complex recurring time patterns like "the second tuesday of every month at noon except december and october" in code.
 
 The temporal expressions included in Temporal Toolkit are based on a paper by Martin Fowler (http://www.martinfowler.com/apsupp/recurring.pdf) and the ruby runt library (http://www.runt.rubyforge.org)
 


 Development
------------------------------ 
 Requirements:
 
  * Visual Studio 2008
  * NUnit
 
The solution is organized into 2 projects: the toolkit library and the unit tests. Running the unit tests
 requires NUnit.

 To create new temporal expressions just create a class that inherits from the TemporalExpression class.



 Getting Started
------------------------------
 
 Add reference to TemporalToolkit.dll to your project.   
    
 
Using Temporal Expressions
----------------------------

Add the following to the top of your code:
               
 C#: 
    using TemporalToolkit.TemporalExpressions;
 VB.NET: 
    Imports TemporalToolkit.TemporalExpressions
        
  Then use operators: `& | -`  to build temporal expressions.
          
E.g.
Represents first day of every month in the year 2010.
    TemporalExpression te = new TEYear(2010) & new TEDayOfMonth(DayOfWeek.Monday, 1);
Use include to test if your date falls on the specified temporal expression.
    bool result = te.Includes(new DateTime(2010,1,6));
        
  
  
Using Date Extension Methods
-------------------------------
   C#: 
    using TemporalToolkit.Extensions;
  VB.NET: 
    Imports TemporalToolkit.Extensions;    